fix: docs + changelog for vs code desktop restart (#3860)
gitpod-io/website: src/content/docs/references/ides-and-editors/vscode.md

2. [SSH Gateway access using the owner token](/docs/references/ides-and-editors/legacy-vscode-connections#connect-to-vs-code-desktop-using-the-workspace-owner-token)
3. [Using Local Companion](/docs/references/ides-and-editors/legacy-vscode-connections#connect-to-vs-code-desktop-using-local-companion)

## Restarting in VS Code Desktop

When the VS Code Desktop workspace stops or times out the VS Code window will refresh. See [Workspace Lifecycle](https://www.gitpod.io/docs/configure/workspaces/workspace-lifecycle) for information when or why workspaces timeout.

> To restart a workspace from within VS Code, click on the Gitpod extension icon in the sidebar, where you will see a list of your active and inactive workspaces. You can either reconnect to a running workspace, or restart a previously stopped workspace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To restart a workspace from within VS Code, click on the Gitpod extension icon in the activity bar, where you will see a list of your active and inactive workspaces. You can either reconnect to a running workspace, or restart a previously stopped workspace.
```

> **Note:** Currently, it is not possible to create workspaces from this view only reconnect to them, or restart them.

### View workspace information

By default the list shows the organisation, branch and last used time of the workspace. You can hover over a workspace in the list to show more information such as the workspace ID, context URL and the last used time of the workspace.

![](/images/editors/vscodedesktop-extension-default-behaviour.png)
_Starting and connecting to a stopped workspace in VS Code Desktop_

### Additional restart options

> The default behaviour of the Gitpod extension is to open the selected workspace in the current window. If you'd prefer to open a new window, or open the session in the browser you

Reviewer 2: Lose content like right click? Or `you can`?
